{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\fs22\cf2\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cf1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\info{\title Title: The title that appears in the adv list in FS}{\author Jeff Anderson}{\operator Jeff Anderson}{\creatim\yr1997\mo10\dy26\hr14\min7}
{\revtim\yr1997\mo10\dy26\hr16\min31}{\version9}{\edmins29}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords60}{\nofchars343}{\*\company ASPEC}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern71}}\margr6030 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0
{\*\template D:\\program files\\microsoft office\\Templates\\wx.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Utilize this screen to process weather conditions from METAR Files.
\par }{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\fs22\cf2\cgrid {Weather Files
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {To process METAR files that are on you local computer.
\par }{\b 
\par METAR File:}{ Press this button to browse for local METAR files on your PC.  When you select a METAR file to process, it will appear in the text box next to this button.  You may also enter the path and filename manually in the text box. 
\par 
\par }{\b Process Wx:}{ Press this button to process the weather in the METAR file that was selected.
\par  
\par }{\b Process Wx Radio Button:}{ if this button is selected, Active Weather will read only the weather fo
r the current station(s)  in the adventure.  If there are weather conditions below any of the adventure stations, those conditions will be updated from the METAR file.  
\par 
\par }{\b Process Wx /Add Stations Radio Button: }{if this button is selected, Active Weather wil
l read the METAR file and add a new station to the adventure for each weather report found.  If the station already exits in the adventure then the weather will be updated for that station.  }{\cf6 
If a station does not exist in the database then that station wil
l not be added and the weather will be ignored. Active Weather reads four letter station ids.  (If you manually add a station to the database be sure to specify the proper ICAO prefix. Go to menu Database/Add station to database for more information).

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\fs22\cf2\cgrid {World Wide Web
\par }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cf1\cgrid {To download METAR files from the Internet to process.
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cf1 
\par }{\b\cf1 CGI/Form Radio Button: }{\cf1 click this button to download weather from a web site that utilizes CGI forms. (This feature is for an advanced Internet user)
\par 
\par }{\b\cf1 Web Form: }{\cf1 Contains a description of the site or form being accessed. This is user defined utilizing the New/Edit button.
\par 
\par }{\b\cf1 New/Edit button: }{\cf1 Click this to add or edit CGI form values. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\cf6 
\par }{
\par 
\par 
\par }}