{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Title: The title that appears in the adv list in FS}{\author Jeff Anderson}
{\operator Jeff Anderson}{\creatim\yr1997\mo10\dy24\hr10\min7}{\revtim\yr1997\mo10\dy26\hr14\min3}{\version15}{\edmins30}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords60}{\nofchars343}{\*\company ASPEC}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern71}}\margr6030 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0{\*\template D:\\program files\\microsoft office\\Templates\\wx.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Utilize this screen to manually add your desired weather stations to the adventure. Stations added to the
 adventure will be utilized to obtain weather from METAR files.  If there are multiple stations (some not desired) in the METAR file, you may filter only your desired stations  by adding them to the adventure.  (
By clicking Process Wx from the Weather Data screen, only the stations entered in the adventure will be processed. 
\par }{\b 
\par State/Region:}{ Select the state or region where your desired station is located. Once you have made your selection all regional stations will be shown in the list boxes below.  (Currently the default dat
abase contians only US weather stations.  Additional stations may be added anywhere in the world).
\par  
\par }{\b 
\par IATA/Station Name (radio buttons):}{ These buttons control the sort order of the stations. You may either sort by station name or IATA 3 letter code.
\par 
\par }{\b Add Station to Adv (button):}{  To add the station  selected  in the Station list box to the adventure. (window on the left).  
\par  
\par }{\b Add Global Wx to Adv (button):}{ To add global weather to your adventure.  This is the weather that is utilized when you are out of range of your weather stations. By default Active Weather sets your range to your selected weather stations
 at 50 miles.
\par 
\par }{\b Search for Station or IATA in List: }{Enter the IATA or Station name to search. The list boxes will be searched for your entry as you type.  If the station is found, it will be displayed and selected.
\par 
\par 
\par }}